[SDK-165] Project Structure and Customization Guide (#14)
readyplayerme/rpm-unreal-avatar-creator: SampleStructure.md

   ![Screenshot 2023-06-15 131051](https://github.com/readyplayerme/rpm-unreal-avatar-creator/assets/3124894/466bc705-1ebe-4529-99d3-c1b24a194dfb)
7. [**Take Selfie**](Content/Widgets/Pages/WBP_TakeSelfie.uasset) - Opens webcam and allows one to take a photo.<br>
   ![Screenshot 2023-06-15 131145](https://github.com/readyplayerme/rpm-unreal-avatar-creator/assets/3124894/8344793e-212c-4d59-85a0-7ef71fe1bfaf)
8. [**Avatar Editor**](Content/Widgets/Editor/WBP_AvatarEditor.uasset) - Avatar editor, allows customization of the avatar.<br>
   ![Screenshot 2023-06-15 131259](https://github.com/readyplayerme/rpm-unreal-avatar-creator/assets/3124894/466ac898-52e1-483d-8ddd-ac938674b8a1)

## Navigation Panel
The [navigation panel](Content/Widgets/WBP_NavigationPanel.uasset) contains the following buttons needed for the navigation between the scenes:
**Back**, **Save**, **Profile** and optional **Close**. Their visibility is automatically toggled depending on the state of the avatar creator.<br>
![Screenshot 2023-06-15 140631](https://github.com/readyplayerme/rpm-unreal-avatar-creator/assets/3124894/ac7a57f9-bc05-4a64-9213-4639f52e1df9)

## Navigation Switcher

> In order for the child widgets to be able to communicate with the avatar creator, they use an interface of the NavigationSwitcher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the child widgets to be able to communicate with the avatar creator, they use the NavigationSwitcher.
```

Avatar creator implements the NavigationSwitcher interface allowing the child widgets to send events.

## Preview Actor
The preview actor is spawned in the world when the avatar creator widget is opened. It contains one half and one full-body avatar.
It also contains lights and a camera for rendering the avatar at runtime and displaying it in the avatar editor afterward.

## Popups

> The popups widgets are located in the [Popups](Content/Widgets/Popups) folder, they are needed to give the user information of the current sutatus of the avatar creator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The popups widgets are located in the [Popups](Content/Widgets/Popups) folder, they are needed to give the user information about the current status of the avatar creator.
```
